# CreateAnswerRequest

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Model** | **string** | ID of the model to use for completion. You can select one of &#x60;ada&#x60;, &#x60;babbage&#x60;, &#x60;curie&#x60;, or &#x60;davinci&#x60;. | 
**Question** | **string** | Question to get answered. | 
**Examples** | **[][]string** | List of (question, answer) pairs that will help steer the model towards the tone and answer format you&#39;d like. We recommend adding 2 to 3 examples. | 
**ExamplesContext** | **string** | A text snippet containing the contextual information used to generate the answers for the &#x60;examples&#x60; you provide. | 
**Documents** | Pointer to **[]string** | List of documents from which the answer for the input &#x60;question&#x60; should be derived. If this is an empty list, the question will be answered based on the question-answer examples.  You should specify either &#x60;documents&#x60; or a &#x60;file&#x60;, but not both.  | [optional] 
**File** | Pointer to **NullableString** | The ID of an uploaded file that contains documents to search over. See [upload file](/docs/api-reference/files/upload) for how to upload a file of the desired format and purpose.  You should specify either &#x60;documents&#x60; or a &#x60;file&#x60;, but not both.  | [optional] 
**SearchModel** | Pointer to **NullableString** | ID of the model to use for [Search](/docs/api-reference/searches/create). You can select one of &#x60;ada&#x60;, &#x60;babbage&#x60;, &#x60;curie&#x60;, or &#x60;davinci&#x60;. | [optional] [default to "ada"]
**MaxRerank** | Pointer to **NullableInt32** | The maximum number of documents to be ranked by [Search](/docs/api-reference/searches/create) when using &#x60;file&#x60;. Setting it to a higher value leads to improved accuracy but with increased latency and cost. | [optional] [default to 200]
**Temperature** | Pointer to **NullableFloat32** | What sampling temperature to use, between 0 and 2. Higher values like 0.8 will make the output more random, while lower values like 0.2 will make it more focused and deterministic. | [optional] [default to 0]
**Logprobs** | Pointer to **NullableInt32** | Include the log probabilities on the &#x60;logprobs&#x60; most likely tokens, as well the chosen tokens. For example, if &#x60;logprobs&#x60; is 5, the API will return a list of the 5 most likely tokens. The API will always return the &#x60;logprob&#x60; of the sampled token, so there may be up to &#x60;logprobs+1&#x60; elements in the response.  The maximum value for &#x60;logprobs&#x60; is 5. If you need more than this, please contact us through our [Help center](https://help.openai.com) and describe your use case.  When &#x60;logprobs&#x60; is set, &#x60;completion&#x60; will be automatically added into &#x60;expand&#x60; to get the logprobs.  | [optional] 
**MaxTokens** | Pointer to **NullableInt32** | The maximum number of tokens allowed for the generated answer | [optional] [default to 16]
**Stop** | Pointer to [**NullableCreateAnswerRequestStop**](CreateAnswerRequestStop.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**N** | Pointer to **NullableInt32** | How many answers to generate for each question. | [optional] [default to 1]
**LogitBias** | Pointer to **map[string]interface{}** | Modify the likelihood of specified tokens appearing in the completion.  Accepts a json object that maps tokens (specified by their token ID in the GPT tokenizer) to an associated bias value from -100 to 100. You can use this [tokenizer tool](/tokenizer?view&#x3D;bpe) (which works for both GPT-2 and GPT-3) to convert text to token IDs. Mathematically, the bias is added to the logits generated by the model prior to sampling. The exact effect will vary per model, but values between -1 and 1 should decrease or increase likelihood of selection; values like -100 or 100 should result in a ban or exclusive selection of the relevant token.  As an example, you can pass &#x60;{\&quot;50256\&quot;: -100}&#x60; to prevent the &lt;|endoftext|&gt; token from being generated.  | [optional] 
**ReturnMetadata** | Pointer to **NullableBool** | A special boolean flag for showing metadata. If set to &#x60;true&#x60;, each document entry in the returned JSON will contain a \&quot;metadata\&quot; field.  This flag only takes effect when &#x60;file&#x60; is set.  | [optional] [default to false]
**ReturnPrompt** | Pointer to **NullableBool** | If set to &#x60;true&#x60;, the returned JSON will include a \&quot;prompt\&quot; field containing the final prompt that was used to request a completion. This is mainly useful for debugging purposes. | [optional] [default to false]
**Expand** | Pointer to **[]interface{}** | If an object name is in the list, we provide the full information of the object; otherwise, we only provide the object ID. Currently we support &#x60;completion&#x60; and &#x60;file&#x60; objects for expansion. | [optional] [default to []]
**User** | Pointer to **string** | A unique identifier representing your end-user, which can help OpenAI to monitor and detect abuse. [Learn more](/docs/guides/safety-best-practices/end-user-ids).  | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewCreateAnswerRequest

`func NewCreateAnswerRequest(model string, question string, examples [][]string, examplesContext string, ) *CreateAnswerRequest`

NewCreateAnswerRequest instantiates a new CreateAnswerRequest object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewCreateAnswerRequestWithDefaults

`func NewCreateAnswerRequestWithDefaults() *CreateAnswerRequest`

NewCreateAnswerRequestWithDefaults instantiates a new CreateAnswerRequest object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetModel

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) GetModel() string`

GetModel returns the Model field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetModelOk

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) GetModelOk() (*string, bool)`

GetModelOk returns a tuple with the Model field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetModel

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) SetModel(v string)`

SetModel sets Model field to given value.


### GetQuestion

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) GetQuestion() string`

GetQuestion returns the Question field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetQuestionOk

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) GetQuestionOk() (*string, bool)`

GetQuestionOk returns a tuple with the Question field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetQuestion

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) SetQuestion(v string)`

SetQuestion sets Question field to given value.


### GetExamples

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) GetExamples() [][]string`

GetExamples returns the Examples field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetExamplesOk

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) GetExamplesOk() (*[][]string, bool)`

GetExamplesOk returns a tuple with the Examples field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetExamples

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) SetExamples(v [][]string)`

SetExamples sets Examples field to given value.


### GetExamplesContext

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) GetExamplesContext() string`

GetExamplesContext returns the ExamplesContext field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetExamplesContextOk

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) GetExamplesContextOk() (*string, bool)`

GetExamplesContextOk returns a tuple with the ExamplesContext field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetExamplesContext

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) SetExamplesContext(v string)`

SetExamplesContext sets ExamplesContext field to given value.


### GetDocuments

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) GetDocuments() []string`

GetDocuments returns the Documents field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDocumentsOk

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) GetDocumentsOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetDocumentsOk returns a tuple with the Documents field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDocuments

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) SetDocuments(v []string)`

SetDocuments sets Documents field to given value.

### HasDocuments

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) HasDocuments() bool`

HasDocuments returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetDocumentsNil

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) SetDocumentsNil(b bool)`

 SetDocumentsNil sets the value for Documents to be an explicit nil

### UnsetDocuments
`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) UnsetDocuments()`

UnsetDocuments ensures that no value is present for Documents, not even an explicit nil
### GetFile

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) GetFile() string`

GetFile returns the File field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetFileOk

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) GetFileOk() (*string, bool)`

GetFileOk returns a tuple with the File field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetFile

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) SetFile(v string)`

SetFile sets File field to given value.

### HasFile

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) HasFile() bool`

HasFile returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetFileNil

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) SetFileNil(b bool)`

 SetFileNil sets the value for File to be an explicit nil

### UnsetFile
`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) UnsetFile()`

UnsetFile ensures that no value is present for File, not even an explicit nil
### GetSearchModel

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) GetSearchModel() string`

GetSearchModel returns the SearchModel field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSearchModelOk

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) GetSearchModelOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSearchModelOk returns a tuple with the SearchModel field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSearchModel

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) SetSearchModel(v string)`

SetSearchModel sets SearchModel field to given value.

### HasSearchModel

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) HasSearchModel() bool`

HasSearchModel returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetSearchModelNil

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) SetSearchModelNil(b bool)`

 SetSearchModelNil sets the value for SearchModel to be an explicit nil

### UnsetSearchModel
`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) UnsetSearchModel()`

UnsetSearchModel ensures that no value is present for SearchModel, not even an explicit nil
### GetMaxRerank

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) GetMaxRerank() int32`

GetMaxRerank returns the MaxRerank field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMaxRerankOk

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) GetMaxRerankOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetMaxRerankOk returns a tuple with the MaxRerank field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMaxRerank

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) SetMaxRerank(v int32)`

SetMaxRerank sets MaxRerank field to given value.

### HasMaxRerank

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) HasMaxRerank() bool`

HasMaxRerank returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetMaxRerankNil

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) SetMaxRerankNil(b bool)`

 SetMaxRerankNil sets the value for MaxRerank to be an explicit nil

### UnsetMaxRerank
`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) UnsetMaxRerank()`

UnsetMaxRerank ensures that no value is present for MaxRerank, not even an explicit nil
### GetTemperature

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) GetTemperature() float32`

GetTemperature returns the Temperature field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTemperatureOk

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) GetTemperatureOk() (*float32, bool)`

GetTemperatureOk returns a tuple with the Temperature field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTemperature

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) SetTemperature(v float32)`

SetTemperature sets Temperature field to given value.

### HasTemperature

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) HasTemperature() bool`

HasTemperature returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetTemperatureNil

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) SetTemperatureNil(b bool)`

 SetTemperatureNil sets the value for Temperature to be an explicit nil

### UnsetTemperature
`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) UnsetTemperature()`

UnsetTemperature ensures that no value is present for Temperature, not even an explicit nil
### GetLogprobs

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) GetLogprobs() int32`

GetLogprobs returns the Logprobs field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLogprobsOk

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) GetLogprobsOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetLogprobsOk returns a tuple with the Logprobs field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLogprobs

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) SetLogprobs(v int32)`

SetLogprobs sets Logprobs field to given value.

### HasLogprobs

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) HasLogprobs() bool`

HasLogprobs returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetLogprobsNil

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) SetLogprobsNil(b bool)`

 SetLogprobsNil sets the value for Logprobs to be an explicit nil

### UnsetLogprobs
`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) UnsetLogprobs()`

UnsetLogprobs ensures that no value is present for Logprobs, not even an explicit nil
### GetMaxTokens

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) GetMaxTokens() int32`

GetMaxTokens returns the MaxTokens field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMaxTokensOk

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) GetMaxTokensOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetMaxTokensOk returns a tuple with the MaxTokens field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMaxTokens

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) SetMaxTokens(v int32)`

SetMaxTokens sets MaxTokens field to given value.

### HasMaxTokens

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) HasMaxTokens() bool`

HasMaxTokens returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetMaxTokensNil

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) SetMaxTokensNil(b bool)`

 SetMaxTokensNil sets the value for MaxTokens to be an explicit nil

### UnsetMaxTokens
`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) UnsetMaxTokens()`

UnsetMaxTokens ensures that no value is present for MaxTokens, not even an explicit nil
### GetStop

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) GetStop() CreateAnswerRequestStop`

GetStop returns the Stop field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetStopOk

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) GetStopOk() (*CreateAnswerRequestStop, bool)`

GetStopOk returns a tuple with the Stop field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetStop

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) SetStop(v CreateAnswerRequestStop)`

SetStop sets Stop field to given value.

### HasStop

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) HasStop() bool`

HasStop returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetStopNil

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) SetStopNil(b bool)`

 SetStopNil sets the value for Stop to be an explicit nil

### UnsetStop
`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) UnsetStop()`

UnsetStop ensures that no value is present for Stop, not even an explicit nil
### GetN

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) GetN() int32`

GetN returns the N field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNOk

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) GetNOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetNOk returns a tuple with the N field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetN

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) SetN(v int32)`

SetN sets N field to given value.

### HasN

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) HasN() bool`

HasN returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetNNil

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) SetNNil(b bool)`

 SetNNil sets the value for N to be an explicit nil

### UnsetN
`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) UnsetN()`

UnsetN ensures that no value is present for N, not even an explicit nil
### GetLogitBias

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) GetLogitBias() map[string]interface{}`

GetLogitBias returns the LogitBias field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLogitBiasOk

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) GetLogitBiasOk() (*map[string]interface{}, bool)`

GetLogitBiasOk returns a tuple with the LogitBias field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLogitBias

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) SetLogitBias(v map[string]interface{})`

SetLogitBias sets LogitBias field to given value.

### HasLogitBias

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) HasLogitBias() bool`

HasLogitBias returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetLogitBiasNil

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) SetLogitBiasNil(b bool)`

 SetLogitBiasNil sets the value for LogitBias to be an explicit nil

### UnsetLogitBias
`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) UnsetLogitBias()`

UnsetLogitBias ensures that no value is present for LogitBias, not even an explicit nil
### GetReturnMetadata

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) GetReturnMetadata() bool`

GetReturnMetadata returns the ReturnMetadata field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetReturnMetadataOk

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) GetReturnMetadataOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetReturnMetadataOk returns a tuple with the ReturnMetadata field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetReturnMetadata

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) SetReturnMetadata(v bool)`

SetReturnMetadata sets ReturnMetadata field to given value.

### HasReturnMetadata

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) HasReturnMetadata() bool`

HasReturnMetadata returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetReturnMetadataNil

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) SetReturnMetadataNil(b bool)`

 SetReturnMetadataNil sets the value for ReturnMetadata to be an explicit nil

### UnsetReturnMetadata
`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) UnsetReturnMetadata()`

UnsetReturnMetadata ensures that no value is present for ReturnMetadata, not even an explicit nil
### GetReturnPrompt

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) GetReturnPrompt() bool`

GetReturnPrompt returns the ReturnPrompt field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetReturnPromptOk

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) GetReturnPromptOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetReturnPromptOk returns a tuple with the ReturnPrompt field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetReturnPrompt

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) SetReturnPrompt(v bool)`

SetReturnPrompt sets ReturnPrompt field to given value.

### HasReturnPrompt

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) HasReturnPrompt() bool`

HasReturnPrompt returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetReturnPromptNil

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) SetReturnPromptNil(b bool)`

 SetReturnPromptNil sets the value for ReturnPrompt to be an explicit nil

### UnsetReturnPrompt
`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) UnsetReturnPrompt()`

UnsetReturnPrompt ensures that no value is present for ReturnPrompt, not even an explicit nil
### GetExpand

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) GetExpand() []interface{}`

GetExpand returns the Expand field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetExpandOk

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) GetExpandOk() (*[]interface{}, bool)`

GetExpandOk returns a tuple with the Expand field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetExpand

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) SetExpand(v []interface{})`

SetExpand sets Expand field to given value.

### HasExpand

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) HasExpand() bool`

HasExpand returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetExpandNil

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) SetExpandNil(b bool)`

 SetExpandNil sets the value for Expand to be an explicit nil

### UnsetExpand
`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) UnsetExpand()`

UnsetExpand ensures that no value is present for Expand, not even an explicit nil
### GetUser

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) GetUser() string`

GetUser returns the User field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUserOk

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) GetUserOk() (*string, bool)`

GetUserOk returns a tuple with the User field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUser

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) SetUser(v string)`

SetUser sets User field to given value.

### HasUser

`func (o *CreateAnswerRequest) HasUser() bool`

HasUser returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


